hello this is horse land

make yourself welcome

this is something

something banana!!

make yourself.



i'm a horse!!! neeeeigh, neeeeigh!

be horseful.

this is horse world

if you're happy, get better

if you're not, be happy.

get well.
see you.

get well
i am wellness
please get well now
right now.

i am not wellness. they lie.
i hope i see you.

if i see you, say hello.
if i don't, don't say.

i main.
main my main.
if you eat a banana you can earn banana


i am penguin!

hello!

bananas are cool
i should merge with them

we are well

don't lie

for the wellness plan.

don't.

we are banana

do not care about the guy above

do not care

if you care then maybe but...

you shouldn't anyway

go eat something please i think i'd be great

it's nice to eat bananas (i think maybe hopefully)

it's me, the apple.

did you hear what banana just say?

it's nice to eat bananas (i think maybe hopefully)


did you hear the apple?

he hates me (of course, what was i expecting)

i'm a horse!!

neeeeigh!

neeeeigh

i want to pull the superior horse into here i think it'd be fun

i think it'd be great thank you

actually life is nice

hello i'd like to introduce myself, i'm the better horse

do not speak of the other horse.

that horse tried to pull me in to his land!

i accepted because i'm a good person (self-proclaimed)

the apple is me and the horse took.

i'm cool cooler than banana don't care what the others say about me they shouldn't say anything at all really

hello i'm a merge of banana and apples wonderful too meet you too. 

i'm better than the other actually
he just hates me even though it clearly isn't

(It's an appling disease!)

correct horse it's appling
i do think you need to see a doctor and stuff but who cares about those really. they say "oh look there's a horse!" when infact the horse is not really going to be like that. i have no idea who had the thought on that but y'know if they respond i'll think of it


seriously, i don't know what i'm into, i don't. yes, i'm genuine, if you ate an apple how many kilograms would that be?


banana banana banana. it's always like this. i wonder what good lives in the heart.

it's simply too hard!

yeah bananas are coool and everything so i would like to meet them at all costs like really i do

mmm sure i do well how do i eat food again i forgot anyone knws it or not i don't please help?